`[docs]` robonito installation on mac, win & linux (#5)
Robonito/docs: contents/docs/installation/linux/index.mdx

**Thank you for your continued support!**

> Our application is currently compatible with Windows and Mac operating systems. At this time, we are not yet supporting Linux, but we appreciate your interest and feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Robonito is currently compatible with Windows and Mac operating systems. At this time, we are not yet supporting Linux, but we appreciate your interest and feedback.
```
